feat: add blog release 4.3.0 (#188)
verdaccio/website: website/blog/2019-09-30-verdaccio-430-release.md

---
author: Juan Picado
authorURL: https://twitter.com/jotadeveloper
authorFBID: 1122901551
title: Release 4.3.0
---

> Verdaccio keeps growing thanks to their users. This release is a minor one we do every month, for further

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verdaccio keeps growing thanks to their users. This release is a minor one we do every month, further
```

[information about our releases can be read here](https://github.com/verdaccio/contributing/blob/master/RELEASES.md).

> Furthermore, the info about the release is also available [at GitHub releases page](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/releases/tag/v4.3.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, the info about the release is also available at the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/releases/tag/v4.3.0).
```

We have some highlights to share:

* At this stage, Docker 🐳 pulls [have grown to **5.7 million pulls**](https://dockeri.co/image/verdaccio/verdaccio).
* We just reached **7.9k 🌟**, *would you help us to reach 10k?* Give us your star ⭐️!

> * **Blog** 🗒: Don't miss our new entry [**Managing multiples projects with Lerna and Yarn Workspaces**](https://verdaccio.org/blog/2019/09/07/managing-multiples-projects-with-lerna-and-yarn-workspaces) by [@sergiohgz](https://github.com/sergiohgz).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Blog** 🗒: Don't miss our new entry [**Managing multiple projects with Lerna and Yarn Workspaces**](https://verdaccio.org/blog/2019/09/07/managing-multiples-projects-with-lerna-and-yarn-workspaces) by [@sergiohgz](https://github.com/sergiohgz).
```

> * **[Monorepo](https://github.com/verdaccio/monorepo)**: Along the last months we have crafted our monorepo for grouping all our ecosystem, plugin, core and tooling packages. This does not mean Verdaccio will become monorepo, rather help us to growth without affect the main repository and easy updates or fast response to mistakes in any release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Monorepo](https://github.com/verdaccio/monorepo)**: Along the last months we have crafted our monorepo for grouping all our ecosystem, plugin, core and tooling packages. This does not mean Verdaccio will become a monorepo, rather it will help us to grow without affecting the main repository and do easy updates or respond fast to mistakes in any release.
```

> * **Hacktoberfest 🎃 is here**: We have prepared a guide if you want to contribute to Verdaccio, feel free to [read it](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/issues/1461) and give is feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Hacktoberfest 🎃 is here**: We have prepared a guide if you want to contribute to Verdaccio, feel free to [read it](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/issues/1461) and give us feedback.
```

> > If you 😍 Verdaccio as we do, helps us to grow more donating to the project via [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you 😍 Verdaccio as we do, help us to grow more by donating to the project via [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/verdaccio).
```

> Thanks for support Verdaccio ! 👏👏👏👏.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for supporting Verdaccio ! 👏👏👏👏.
```

<!--truncate-->

> <div id="codefund">''</div>

Reviewer: Codefund still exists for GitHub repos?

Author: @DanielRuf this display the add, it is mandatory

## Use this version

### Docker

```bash
docker pull verdaccio/verdaccio:4.3.0
```

### npmjs

```bash
npm install -g verdaccio@4.3.0
```

## Experiment Flags

> This release includes a new property named `experiments` than can be placed in the `config.yaml` and is completely optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes a new property named `experiments` that can be placed in the `config.yaml` and is completely optional.
```

> We want to be able to ship new things without affect production environments. This flag allow us to add new features and get feedback from the community that wants to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to be able to ship new things without affecting production environments. This flag allows us to add new features and get feedback from the community that wants to use them.
```

> For the features are under this flag means might not be stable or removed in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The features that are under this flag might not be stable or removed in future releases.
```

## New Features

### [Browse web packages by version](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/issues/1457) by @juanpicado

> When you publish a new version of your package, you want to be able to access the previous ones, that's exacltly what you can do with this new release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you publish a new version of your package, you want to be able to access the previous ones, that's exactly what you can do with this new release.
```

![verdaccio browse by version](https://nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/verdaccio/blog/4.3.0/version_ui_navigation.gif)

> > Note the README always point to the latest release, Verdaccio does not persist readme on each publish. This might change in the future, file a ticket if you are interested and might be considered if there is enough 👍🏻 votes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note the README always points to the latest release, Verdaccio does not persist the readme on each publish. This might change in the future, file a ticket if you are interested and might be considered if there is enough 👍🏻 votes.
```

### [npm token command support ](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/issues/1427) by @juanpicado, @Eomm and @juangabreil.

> The command `npm token` is really useful to generate multiple tokens. This release ship some partial support for it and flagged as **experiment**, to enable it you must do the following in your config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command `npm token` is really useful to generate multiple tokens. This release ships some partial support for it and is flagged as **experiment**, to enable it you must do the following in your config file.
```

```yaml
experiments:
  token: true
```

![npm token list](https://nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/verdaccio/blog/4.3.0/token_list.png)

You can find further technical information [here](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/pull/1427).

### Other updates

- (Docker) Node.js update to v10.16.3 [#1473](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/issues/1473)
- (Logging) Ensure every log file has at least one record [#1414](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/issues/1414)

# Verdaccio v3

> Verdaccio 3 is still under our **security maintenance state**, thus, we just shipped a minor update `v3.13.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verdaccio 3 is still under our **security maintenance state**, thus we just shipped a minor update `v3.13.0`.
```

* Docker image updated to Node.js **v10.16.3**
* Update core dependencies

> > We update as much is possible without break the current implementation, thus storage or htpasswd are not part of this update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We update as much as possible without breaking the current implementation, thus storage or htpasswd are not part of this update.
```

---
author: Juan Picado
authorURL: https://twitter.com/jotadeveloper
authorFBID: 1122901551
title: Release 4.3.0
---

Verdaccio keeps growing thanks to their users. This release is a minor one we do every month, for further
[information about our releases can be read here](https://github.com/verdaccio/contributing/blob/master/RELEASES.md).

> Furthermore, the info about the release is also available [at GitHub releases page](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/releases/tag/v4.1.0).

Reviewer 2: Link points to 4.1.0

```

## New Features

### [Browse web packages by version](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/issues/1457) by @juanpicado

When you publish a new version of your package, you want to be able to access the previous ones, that's exacltly what you can do with this new release.

![verdaccio browse by version](https://nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/verdaccio/blog/4.3.0/version_ui_navigation.gif)

> Note the README always point to the latest release, Verdaccio does not persist readme on each publish. This might change in the future, file a ticket if you are interested and might be considered if there is enough 👍🏻 votes.

### [npm token command support ](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/issues/1427) by @juanpicado, @Eomm and @juangabreil.

The command `npm token` is really useful to generate multiple tokens. This release ship some partial support for it and flagged as **experiment**, to enable it you must do the following in your config file.

```yaml
experiments:
  token: true
```

![npm token list](https://nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/verdaccio/blog/4.3.0/token_list.png)

You can find further technical information [here](https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio/pull/1427).

> ## Experiment Flags

Reviewer 2: I think this should be before npm token command support, because it needs this section

We want to be able to ship new things without affecting production environments. This flag allows us to add new features and get feedback from the community that wants to use them.

> The features that are under this flag might not be stable or removed in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The features that are under this flag might not be stable or might be removed in future releases.
```
